KING ARTHURS KINGDOMS

gameplay: mostly roleplay. players can choose between 5 roles: king, underling, adventurer, merchant, bandit, or bandit king.
	Each role as a respective goal to accomplish. Unlike the first KINGDOMS mod, winning is not an option. 

events: goblin rushes, grail appearance (get the grail to stop the onslaught). 

other content: artifacts, lava, monsters, horses, fountain of youth, cursed items, phylactery, 
		procedural generation, trebutchets / ballistics, kingdom bots, coat of arms, usual kingdoms stuff,
		imprisonment, slaves, profits from war, new recourses / ores, limited build spaces, biomes, ai, goblin & human ai kingdoms.

roles
------
wanderer: The starting class. Can become other classes. 
king: when a kingdom is established, the person who made the kingdom is the king. Goal is the growth of their kingdom. When a king dies, a new king must be chosen. 
underling: a servent of the kingdom, under the kings command. Could be an appointed knight, guard, worker, etc
knight: guards the kingdom from enemies and fights in wars.
soldier: same role as knight, less powerful. 
adventurer: Not restricted to a particular kingdom. Can accept quests / work as mercenary. 
assassin: has skills that allow fast or sneaky assassinations. 
Merchent: Trades between kingdoms. May often want to hire guards / mercenaries for the danger of bandits or monsters. 
bandit: Wants to loot and raid. Usually not a problem for established kingdoms but can be problematic for trade routes.
bandit king: This role is assigned to whichever bandit has the most kills (subject to change). 
builder: May only build within kingdom. 
wizard: Uses mana from their own mana pool. Must learn magic from study / books.
sorcerer / spirit arts: Uses mana in the air around them. Different Areas have different amounts of mana. Since it's a different kind of mana they cast different spells than wizards. 
summoner: summons minions.
smith: NPC. Sells equipment and makes equipment provided the player gives them enough materials and coin. 

master roles
------------
magic arts user: Must have learned all magic skils from wizard, sorcerer, and summoner. With training they can unlock extremely powerful spells.
Warlord: Must have learned all skills from knight and soldier.

Note: Some roles get upgrades. Example) Merchant may get camaflauge upgrade for certain enemies. 


Other info / content
---------------------
monsters more frequently attack player kingdoms then ai kingdoms
there are 2 different types of merchants: traveling merchants and trade merchants.
ruins / houses. 
artifacts may be found around the world, or linked to quests.
Magic: magic towers (kingdom rush reference), magic items.
Oil Boilers: Defense mechanism.
Different crops. 
Horses, birds, other animals
Dungeons
Gods
Religion (churches / temples)
Summons / minions
Abyss: If you dig deep enough you run into the abyss which contains extremely powerful ancient creatures.
grasshoppers 
day / night cycle
player interraction: like runescape, right click a player to have an interraction. This is mainly used for apprenticeships 
crops: required for populations in kingdoms
guilds & factions. ex) mercenary faction
items that reveal invisible entities (spirit world, hidden entrances, hidden items, etc)\
enemy fortresses

